搞笑英文自我介绍
搞笑英文自我介绍1
Hi,everybody. Good to be here. Facing the audience, a thought occured to me. Mama has alway told me not to make a fool in public. But somehow I just couldnt follow what she said exactly. Well some people always treat me as a crazy loon. For Im never part of any crowd and have some dreams far-off look.
Id even crash into someone with my nose stuck in a book. Now Im standing on the stage, giving a speech in English. Circumstance being that Im pretty nervous. Maybe some guy would just think that itd embarass me as frightened speechless. Never mind. Im always good for a laugh.【更多公文素材，微信：dadawk0 1】
##paidbegin##搞笑英文自我介绍2
Self-introductionHello everyone! My is......, from Qinzhou. I’m so glad to meet you, and I’m currently a student at Guangxi Textile Industrial School. my major is knitting. It’s my pleasure to join the CHAMPION training camp, because I love English and I hope I can learn something in the training for my future work. As we all know English is very useful in every field.My English is limited that’s why I’m here.
I know it’s a huge challenge for me to conquer English, but I believe that “No pains, no gains, success belongs to the persevering”, I hope I can learn more from you, Thank you!
搞笑英文自我介绍3
Good morning !
It is really my honor to have this opportunity for a interview,I hope i can make a good performance today.
Im confident that I can succeed.Now i will introduce myself briefly I am 26 years old,born in shandong province .I was graduated from qingdao university. my major is electronic.and i got my bachelor degree after my graduation in the year of 2003.
I spend most of my time on study,i have passed CET4/6 . and i have acquired basic knowledge of my major during my school time.In July 2003, I begin work for a small private company as a technical support engineer in QingDao city.Because Im capable of more responsibilities, so I decided to change my job.【更多公文素材，微信： dadawk01】
And in August 2004,I left QingDao to BeiJing and worked for a foreign enterprise as a automation software test engineer.Because I want to change my working environment, Id like to find a job which is more challenging. Morover Motorola is a global company, so I feel I can gain the most from working in this kind of company ennvironment. That is the reason why I come here to compete for this position.I think Im a good team player and Im a person of great honesty to others. Also I am able to work under great pressure.##paidend##
